#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   kombu
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.5.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
django-config-models==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-api-doc-tools
edx-api-doc-tools==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-celeryutils==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==9.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
